Artist Main - 
Innovative, gifted yet unambitious that was me, as a young girl of 15 in Bombay. My  I found a mentor, guide and philosopher in my grand dad, he pushed me to get into our family business of Jewelry set up by my uncles proved to be my first step towards  my lifelong romance with the jewelry. I put my heart and soul to learn the fine art & intricacy of making of timeless jewelry. My relentless effort lead me to head 2 stores and 70 teammates. I was learning, excelling, and soon came to be known for my sincerity and good public relationship. Our jewelry was the talk of the town and I was popular in the jewelry circle in Bombay. Soon, 24 years just rolled by, in love, commitment, dedication to learn all about what I Loved- Jewels & Jewelry.

The girl who had dreamt of only being a housewife as a young girl, soon had her calling to get married to the man of her dreams and moved to California. I had no plans to setup shop there but as the fate had it, a old client back home came looking for me to help her design jewelry for her daughters wedding, I referred them back home but he insisted that  whenever he thought of Jewelry, I was the first person who came to their mind, moved by the trust and faith bestowed upon me, it was no way I could have said no to him, and that's when it all started it once again, only this time it was for ME.  

With one satisfied customer already in place, many offers soon followed to create contemporary, customized jewelry that was my rebirth, I christened: Jewels by Mala.inc. in 2015 and embarked on my journey only this time on my own into the magical & bedazzled world of Jewelery. Many designs, innovations, craftsmanship later I still find myself recreating a part of me with my art & finesse to design each  piece of Jewelry which will stay with you forever!

About Main-

At 'Jewels by Mala' 
we pride ourselves on our carefully curated assortment of simply the best inspired pieces. With unparalleled one-on-one customer service, we are always there to be of assistance and to make you feel secure. 

Our designs are influenced with contemporary femininity, effortlessly made countless happy couples and lifelong keepsakes.  

We are devoted to creating original fine jewelry with our heart and soul. We are renowned for our stunning range of hand-made Wedding and Diamond Sets. Our jewelry are a confluence of the nature and ancient architecture.

Each handmade piece is held to our exceptionally high standards of creativity, quality and craftsmanship. Mala Sujan Seth's Luxury lifestyle jewelry are designed to be adorned for its elegance & is a reflection of your personality.  

Our jewelry designs allow each person to build their own personal collection of diamonds and uncut diamonds that reflect their individual style. Our jewelry are beautiful & striking, a modern take on classic designs.

Mala puts her heart & soul into the collections she creates, the whole team puts a lot of effort & pride each piece that we create adhering to the highest quality standards, consistency & customer service. 

We truly believe elegance, luxury & good taste never go out of taste.

Own a piece of 'Jewel of Mala', it will stay with you forever!


Necklace Main -

We pride ourselves on creating elegant jewelry for the accomplished woman, whose sophisticated brilliance is only enhanced by that of her diamond. Each necklace begins with a moment of inspiration, transforming our diamonds into covetable designs. From the purity of a diamond solitaire necklace to the glamour of multi-layered diamonds working in harmony. Our necklaces are  designed to be worn and admired.

Earrings Main -

Understatedly elegant diamond stud earrings to intricately designed bespoke creations, the selection of earrings at Mala's ranges from classic and feminine, to cool and contemporary. Set with a cut-down finish, these spectacular earrings are a symbol of your unending bond.

Rings Main - 

Sophisticated diamond rings to strikingly colourful cocktail rings, each design is meticulously crafted using beautiful gemstones and exquisite details in yellow gold or white metal. Celebrate the most inspiring stories of love, life 
and success. 

Bracelet Main - 
Fluid diamond line bracelets to rigid sculptural cuffs, bracelet are designed to be a perfect statement of character and flair. Always lovely and sophisticated, they are a product of the perfect balance between design and charm.


Pendants Main - 

Classic diamond necklaces, colourful gemstone necklaces and layered, long-length diamond set chains; all reveal the same attention to detail and exceptional craftsmanship.